docs: Document migration to the new Python handler (#371)
mkdocstrings/mkdocstrings: docs/handlers/overview.md

## Available handlers

- <a class="external" href="https://mkdocstrings.github.io/crystal/">Crystal</a>
- <a class="external" href="https://mkdocstrings.github.io/python-legacy/">Python (Legacy)</a>
- <a class="external" href="https://mkdocstrings.github.io/python/">Python (Experimental)</a>

## About the Python handlers

Since version 0.18, a new, experimental Python handler is available.
It is based on [Griffe](https://github.com/mkdocstrings/griffe),
which is an improved version of [pytkdocs](https://github.com/mkdocstrings/pytkdocs).

Note that the experimental handler does not yet offer the same features as the legacy one.
If you are making extensive use of the current (legacy) Python handler selection and rendering options,
you might want to wait a bit before trying the experimental handler.
It is also not completely ready to handle dynamically built objects,
like classes built with a call to `type(...)`.
For most other cases, the experimental handler will work just fine.

If you want to keep using the legacy handler as long as possible,

> you can already specify the `python-legacy` extra when depending on *mkdocstrings*:

Author: ```suggestion
you can depend on `mkdocstrings-python-legacy` directly,
or specify the `python-legacy` extra when depending on *mkdocstrings*:
```

```toml
# PEP 621 dependencies declaration
# adapt to your dependencies manager
[project]
dependencies = [
    "mkdocstrings[python-legacy]>=0.18",
]
```

The legacy handler will continue to "work" for many releases,
as long as the new handler does not cover all previous use-cases.

Using the legacy handler will emit a `UserWarning` stating that users
should specify the `python-legacy` extra when depending on *mkdocstrings*.
The warning will be emitted even if you do specify the extra, as we have
no way to detect it.

Warnings can be globally ignored by setting the
[`PYTHONWARNINGS` environment variable](https://docs.python.org/3/library/warnings.html#describing-warning-filters):

```bash
PYTHONWARNINGS=ignore::UserWarning:mkdocstrings.handlers.python
```

### Migrate to the experimental Python handler

To use the new, experimental Python handler,

> you must specify the `python` extra when depending on *mkdocstrings*:

Author: ```suggestion
you can depend on `mkdocstrings-python` directly,
or specify the `python` extra when depending on *mkdocstrings*:
```

```toml
# PEP 621 dependencies declaration
# adapt to your dependencies manager
[project]
dependencies = [

>     "mkdocstrings[python]>=0.18",

Reviewer: As said elsewhere, why not just suggest depending on `mkdocstrings-python`?
I think people are more likely to need to choose a version of `mkdocstrings-python` and ensure that the version of *that* is fresh enough, and then `mkdocstrings` version will be ensured fresh enough as a dependency of `mkdocstrings-python`.

Author: And as answered there, I like the idea of promoting some handlers as the officially supported ones.
The opposite is true: using the extra would ensure the handler's version is fresh enough and up to date with mkdocstrings' version.

I don't know. Maybe extras are indeed too far fetched. I just think there nice to have.

Author: I've changed the wording a bit to reflect that extras are not actually mandatory and that users can depend on the handlers directly.

- <a class="external" href="https://mkdocstrings.github.io/python-legacy/">Python (Legacy)</a>
- <a class="external" href="https://mkdocstrings.github.io/python/">Python (Experimental)</a>

## About the Python handlers

Since version 0.18, a new, experimental Python handler is available.
It is based on [Griffe](https://github.com/mkdocstrings/griffe),
which is an improved version of [pytkdocs](https://github.com/mkdocstrings/pytkdocs).

Note that the experimental handler does not yet offer the same features as the legacy one.
If you are making extensive use of the current (legacy) Python handler selection and rendering options,
you might want to wait a bit before trying the experimental handler.
It is also not completely ready to handle dynamically built objects,
like classes built with a call to `type(...)`.
For most other cases, the experimental handler will work just fine.

If you want to keep using the legacy handler as long as possible,
you can already specify the `python-legacy` extra when depending on *mkdocstrings*:

```toml
# PEP 621 dependencies declaration
# adapt to your dependencies manager
[project]
dependencies = [
    "mkdocstrings[python-legacy]>=0.18",
]
```

> The legacy handler will keep "working" for many releases,

Author: ```suggestion
The legacy handler will continue to "work" for many releases,
```
